If there's a couch alone in the forest, does it snick?
Stay tuned.
Hang tight, fellow mutants!
I'll be right back with more funky facts on Nick's Kid Almanac!
After this message from Mattel!
Are you looking to put some...
Into Saturday night, if you want it, Nick's got it!
At the Rock House!
It's Nickelodeon's Roundhouse!
The half-hour, hip-hop, comedy stock!
It's not like anywhere else!
And it's only on Nickelodeon!
With all this,
Saturdays will never be the same again!
So snick with Roundhouse!
Saturdays at 8.37.30 Central!
Only on Nickelodeon!
Her name is Starla
We put on a show
Time for a show!
When you talk into Starla's magic microphone,
she says what you say in her own voice!
Let's sing a song!
You can sing along!
I like to sing with you!
Nobody sounds like you, Starla!
We like to show off!
Starla
Like it, Starla?
I love it!
Hey! She's talking!
She's Starla!
Wherever we go, we put on a show!
Starla comes with a magic microphone,
so you can give her a voice all on her own!
Battery's not included.
Coco's my name and as you can see,
I'm swinging through the jungle with my Coco Krispies.
Went out of the sky, dropped a giant pest
Who takes my Coco Krispies back to his nest
It's a chocolatey taste who wants to try
But he's about to know the new way to fly by bar!
Kellogg's Coco Krispies are such a chocolatey and delicious
Part of this complete breakfast, even the milk turns chocolate!
With every bite, so chocolatey!
Oh, everybody wants my Coco Krispies!
The Snicket
Snicks there
Snicks here
It's sneaking out
Saturday night
Nickelodeon
It's Snick
Snick
And you can Snick
It's time to Snick
Now
Why is it that sometimes you have to lose something
before you even remember it exists?
Take these earrings.
I haven't worn them for years,
but now that I've discovered one of them is missing,
they're the only earrings I want!
And here's the sacred former home of the hippie hop books
Hopping hip-hop's his way through my cheating years.
But once I discovered Johnny Depp,
he just molded on the shelf.
Then Mom donated Hoppy to the Children's Museum Library
and suddenly I missed Hoppy.
Why is it always the things you think will stick around forever
that you miss the most when they're gone?
Like, can who's the boss really be off the air for good?
All I know is I'd better keep track of the stuff I care about
before I lose another earring or book or nose.
Maybe a friend.
You've got to be somewhere.
I know.
I don't even care about the stupid earrings.
They'll find it right.
Earrings, did you hear that?
Hi, Clarissa.
What's wrong?
Wrong? Who said anything's wrong?
Everything's great. Really great.
Absolutely, totally couldn't be greater.
Man, what's bothering you?
Well, did you know that you're missing an earring?
I'm not missing it. It's missing me.
Wait a second.
My missing earring is bothering you?
My mom's coming into town with the roller derby.
Wow. When's the last time you've seen her?
Well, I've talked to her a bunch, but I haven't really seen her
since she did a mental spring cleaning
and became Dangerous Debbie.
The roller derby queen?
Ex-roller derby queen.
Tomorrow will be your last derby before she hangs up her wheels.
She's leaving the rink for good?
She thinks it'll be better for me if we don't have to live on the road.
Right.
Wait a second. What do you mean, wait?
Well, I'm supposed to go live with my mom.
Your mom's moving back here?
Not exactly here.
Exactly where, then?
Seattle.
Seattle? Seattle?
That's not just another school district.
It's a whole other time zone.
I know.
But what does your dad think of this?
He's really upset, but this was always the arrangement.
When they first split up, they agreed to switch custody later.
I can't believe you never told me this.
I mean, I'm your best friend.
I should know this kind of thing.
I didn't think they'd ever really do it.
It was supposed to happen two years ago.
But since my mom found herself, she's been so much happier.
Dad and I figured she'd never really go through with it.
But Seattle, Sam, you might as well be moving to Timbuktu.
Do you want to move?
No.
Well, then don't! Don't go!
Clarissa, you don't understand. She's my mom.
I don't have a choice.
She's a force that's greater than both of us.
I better go clean up Maru before she gets here.
I mean, you better go pack.
Right, I keep forgetting.
But I'm cool about this. It'll be cool.
Sure.
It'll be cool.
In fact, it'll be cool and rainy.
I hear it rains all the time in Seattle.
But what's a little rain?
Yeah, what's a little rain?
So bye.
Not really bye.
Why am I saying bye?
Bye for now.
Yeah, bye for now.
Okay.
I've taken the highway past hippie hop books.
Jetskied through the land of lost earrings
and crash-lendered at the worst loss of all.
My best friend.
But best friends aren't supposed to move away until you're old and moldy, like 25.
Hey, Clarissa.
Hi, Sam.
I brought over some stuff I want you to have when I'm gone.
Sam, don't tuck that way.
We'll find a way out of this.
But I'll hold on to it for now if you want.
Okay.
First of all, I want you to have this.
Your first prize for the science fair?
That was the breakthrough that nearly broke through the roof.
Oh!
What happened?
I did it.
I found the secret ingredient.
I just mixed two parts cestitos and bean dip
with a half a cup of extra caffeinated cola
and the secret ingredient, carob intake and blastoff.
What have you been doing in here?
Oh, you know, Dad, making rocket fuel from chips and dip.
Oh.
Can I interest anybody in an atomic cocktail?
Maybe you ought to keep this.
Wait, there's more.
I want you to have these, too.
Boxing gloves?
Hey, you never know when you have to put Clifford's spleen her
for back in line.
Boy, I'll never forget how you trained me for the big fight.
Listen to the words of Muhammad Ali.
Look like a butterfly.
Sting like a bee.
Hook him with the right and point him in the eye.
Take him to the cleaners and hang him out the drive.
Sam, can you really make me into a killing machine?
Well, at least I can keep you from getting killed.
You've got to be prepared.
Okay, let's lift that weight.
You're the champ.
Come on, champ.
I'm a tiny, guppy, fighting a great white shark.
I don't know what I'm going to do without you, Sam.
Me neither.
Here.
The Elpat?
I can't believe you kept it all this time.
That had saved my life.
Saved your life?
It's the only thing that kept me from getting sunstroke,
pedaling Christmas cards door to door in the summer.
Oh, yeah.
Hi.
We're selling happy holiday Christmas cards filled with the best wishes.
Christmas cards in May?
My word.
I don't think so.
The Christmas only comes one day in December.
We like to think that the Christmas spirit.
Bah, humbug.
Hi.
We're selling these nifty Christmas cards.
You could buy a ton of them and recycle the paper for $5.
Why don't you children go home?
We're selling happy holiday Christmas cards,
but they're actually red and green.
Fourth of July.
Ow!
Hey, Sam, are you okay?
By the end of the day,
my toes were as red and green as those cards.
Sam, I can't take this stuff.
You can't go away.
This makes no sense.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Just get your mom and dad to sit down and talk to each other.
They'll see what a huge mistake this is.
Clarissa.
Your mom and dad like each other.
They even live in the same house.
The last time my mom and dad sat down to talk,
they didn't have a heart to heart.
They had a roller skate to forehead.
Dad doesn't know how to talk to her,
and mom's got a real wild streak.
But your mom wants to do what's right, doesn't she?
Isn't there any other way out?
I don't see it.
Sam, you've got to try to get them to talk.
I don't know, Clarissa.
I guess it's worth a shot.
Really?
But can I ask you one favor?
Anything.
If the first starts to fly at my house,
can mom and I swing by your place to cool down?
You can chill over here anytime.
I see the Darling Household as neutral territory.
Sort of a demilitarized zone for warring moms and dads.
That's great, Ferguson.
Now, you just might want to use a little more pink
to catch the rose in your father's cheeks, huh?
Why is art a requirement to get through school?
Some people realize that art is created
by the losers in the great lottery of life.
Ferguson, creativity is important to everyone.
What is that supposed to be?
Oh, wait. I see it now.
A bowl filled with lemons and snakes.
Can I see that?
Marshall, you have to sit still.
That's dad?
For your information, I've been assigned to do
an abstract portrait for the school art show.
I think it's very keenly observed, Ferguson.
There's his glasses, there's his tie,
and you've done a lovely job on the hands and the mouth.
I think it looks like Ferguson's brain.
Really gross.
All right, that's it. Come on, Ferguson.
I want to take a look.
Well...
What do you think, Dad?
Well, it's interesting, son.
Well, realistic depiction isn't a point.
Ferguson was working from an abstract perspective.
I thought it was just his usual warped perspective.
There was some of the most important artists of the 20th century
painted abstract masterpieces.
Picasso, Clay, Miro...
Look, this is Jackson Pollock's work.
See? Just close his eyes
and spill a bunch of paint all over the place.
I've always loved Pollock.
I just wish we could afford one.
Well, Marshall, maybe when we get our first million.
Did you say million?
These are masterpieces, Ferguson.
This garbage?
I mean art.
It sells for millions of dollars.
A pop?
Whoa.
If I get started now,
just think of the business I can do on volume alone.
I better go stuck up on canvas.
Thanks, Mom.
And thanks, Dad.
You're my inspiration.
Inspiration for a quick buck.
Well, Marshall,
I think we might have another artist in the family.
Hey, he's got creativity in his genes.
You know, after all, his father did win.
Most artistic use of aluminum siding.
Two years in a row.
Speaking of which, I've got to get back to work.
Hi.
Hi, how'd it go?
That man makes me so freakin' mad.
I got the top things over.
I promised myself I wouldn't lose my temper.
Now, Dad's got matching skate marks on his forehead.
Oh, my.
Can this be, Clarissa?
You were a little...
Well, time flies when you're having fun.
Yes, skating with the girls is a blast in half.
You should try it sometime.
Oh, that's okay.
I don't think I'm quite cut out for the crash, Elma.
Neither am I anymore.
It's time for me to kiss my wild years goodbye
and take a shot at the motherhood gig.
Poster, Sam. Poster.
Right, Mom.
A good mom has to think about things like Poster.
I read that somewhere, I think.
Your mommy probably tells you to stand up straight all the time.
Well, actually...
Debbie!
Mom's back for a final match tomorrow.
You're leaving the derby?
Yeah.
Cracking heads isn't all it's cracked up to be.
It's all showbiz these days.
Young punks pumped up on steroids,
using it as a springboard into American gladiators.
Oh, that's disillusioning.
So what are you going to do when you retire?
I'm starting a new career.
I'm gonna be, well...
the greatest mom in this world I've ever seen!
Wow!
That's how they talk in the role of derby business.
Well, you do get worked up.
Maybe a great mom doesn't get that worked up.
You think I should tone down my act, Janet?
No. If it's what you want, you'll make a great mother, Debbie.
Thanks, Janet. For starters, I have chosen a great town.
According to my sources,
Seattle is the place for single moms raising sons.
Mom's going to open a combo gym health food store
and a laundromat.
Well, you know how I love health food stores,
but isn't Seattle kind of far away?
Well, Tim, you gotta start where the market needs you.
My research says that there isn't a combo gym health food store
and laundromat anywhere in the Seattle metropolitan area.
So when does the store open?
I don't know yet. I need to scan around.
Of course I'll need backers.
It's gonna be fantastic.
And, Clarissa, you could stay with us any old time you like.
Thanks. But are you sure you want to move all the way to Seattle?
Sure, I'm sure it'll be a blast, right, Sam?
Right, Mom.
Mom, that word sure sounds good to this old skater's ears.
And this time, I'm gonna do it right.
I'm thinking mobile home.
So if Sam doesn't like Seattle,
we can keep on trucking and still keep the same house.
Kind of like treating your little wheels for big ones.
Hey, I never thought of it that way.
Why don't you and Sam stay for dinner?
I'd love to.
Great.
But I promise, girls, I'd take them on a tour of my old hometown.
You don't mind, do you, Sam?
Now, let's go outside and we can work on our spitting lessons.
Oh, spit?
Spit?
Mom, I already know how to spit.
All right, I forgot.
Come on, Debbie, I want to hear all about your plans.
Come on, Sam.
Why do I feel like my life is about to turn into a bad road movie?
And why do I feel like my best friend's about to hit the road for good?
Kramer, what did you do with the Apple Jacks?
Oh, thanks, Mom.
I love this stuff.
Yeah.
To me, if they call it Apple Jacks, it should taste like apples.
Parents.
They just don't get it.
We know why it tastes so good.
Yeah.
Get this pie.
Apple, cinnamon,
Apple Jacks is part of this complete breakfast.
They can't explain its great taste, so I try.
Come on, Mom, it's just us.
Yeah!
Well, how's the Apple Jacks?
We just get it!
Yeah.
you watch it
submitted for your approval
luke galloway
thirteen years old
he said he was ready for the ultimate video challenge
but there's something new behind those doors
and there's no turning back when you enter the video zone
new games
new nemesis
new menaces
encountered from inside the game
It's a new reality in a new time-space coordinate, Nickelodeon's Ozone, the ultimate video challenge.
Nick Arcade is now in the Ozone, weekdays at five, four central, on Nickelodeon.
I am hungry, so hunger, hunger, hungry, a wrapping rhino.
My name is DJ Rhino, I've been looking left and right for a cereal that won't bother me, but there isn't one inside.
Well, don't use your eyes, just follow your nose to a fruit-flavor surprise, Kellogg's Fruit Loop Cereal.
Fruit-flavor fruit loops, orange, lemon, cherry and lime, part of a complete breakfast that really makes them fine.
I've got a colorful breakfast, another fruit-loop fan, and I got great taste, like me, true can Sam.
Yo, Sam, I'm totally fresh.
Look Tommy, he's not like other babies.
Tommy Pickles makes the girls go gaga, on Rugrats every Sunday at 10.30-9.30 central on Nickelodeon.
Flourishes back and ready to snake, now.
Looks like Sam's splitting for good.
I think it's time for my world-turned upside-down Clarissa update.
First of all, Ferganardo Da Vinci has been making everyone's life more miserable than usual with his art business.
I realize that taste and art is subjective, but when it comes to Ferguson's art, I don't want to be subjected, period.
Meanwhile, Debbie unveiled some body art of her own, and I've been going through the five stages of loss every ten seconds.
Shock, anger, grief, denial, and depression.
And the only thing worse than Sam leaving is the headache I'm getting from talking upside-down like this.
I almost passed out.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
That'll be so quiet around here without the pitter-patter of your ladder.
Hey, what can you do when your family calls?
That's just it, Sam. I've always thought of you as one of my family.
Clarissa, don't make this any harder than it already is.
Not just me. My mom and dad think of you as, well, kind of like a son, especially my dad.
After Ferguson, how can you blame him?
Five, six, seven, a friend of mine. He's all the way live cause he's got the rhyme.
So when my Roman collars see him to the modern art museum, I'm here to teach you that you can reach to,
that foam follows function, and that is the key. You just got to think architecturally.
Get live, Sam.
Architects build your house. The house. The house.
Yeah, I kind of thought the foam was just starting.
You and me both. I thought you'd be running to the next century.
Hi, Sam. You know you got a bad back.
Oh, my chacriliac.
I can't believe we're not going to see each other every day.
Now that you're a French of his history, allow me to be in a loving fortune of the two of you that you can cherish forever.
Allow me to add a little black and blue to your palette.
Sam, we've got to stick together. So getting your folks to talk bombs, but you can't give up now.
Just march right up to your mom and say, Mom, about the Seattle thing, no way. Absolutely not. No can do.
I guess I could try.
Got you, Sam. Otherwise, your mom's last derby will be our last hangout.
Wow, so this is where your mom works?
Yeah. Mom only says the locker room's kind of like her office.
Weird.
Debbie, is it true that this is your last match?
You better believe it, Bob. I'm hanging up my wheels.
But you're at the top of your game. You've just been nominated for the most valuable Slayer award. Why step down now?
Because I want to be closer to my kids. You know, a mom can't be on the road forever.
Well, Debbie, everyone knows you're the best.
Thanks.
Oh, Mom, can we talk?
Remember, lay down the line, be direct.
What's on your mind, Sam?
Listen, about this new life you have planned for us?
Oh, right. I forgot.
You had a load of all the new stuff I got you. I know you like. You're here to look nice.
So I got my big old vat of grease. It's the kind of bikers you use.
Wow. Great.
See this here?
This is the best.
A wrench?
Wrench? Smench? This is all in one industrial ratchet.
Man, chicks go for a guy who knows how to work under the hood of a Chevy.
I'm going to teach you how to be a good car mechanic.
Gee, thanks, Mom. Just what I've always wanted.
In all in one industrial ratchet.
You know, Sam, I used to think I wasn't cut out for all this maternal instinct stuff,
but I think I'll make one heck of a mom.
Yeah, me too. But what I wanted to tell you was...
Hey, Sam, you hungry?
I guess.
Sure. You can finish the rest of my candy bar.
Thanks, Mom, but I already ate with Dad.
Oh.
That reminds me. I've got to make a bunch of dinners for Dad and put them in the freezer.
Otherwise, he'll forget.
You mean you cook for Arnie?
Well, only sometimes. But it's not like he can't get along without me.
He'll do fine.
Sure he will.
Yeah, sure he will.
Hey, Sam, you know, maybe you could teach me some recipes.
Sure, Mom.
Yeah, I was never that good at cooking.
Skating, I'm good at cooking.
Let's go, Debbie. It's go busting time.
I gotta go.
Sammy, wish me luck.
I'm going out there as dangerous as Debbie,
but I'm coming back as Mom.
Hey, what was he wanted to tell me?
Oh, nothing. Forget it.
Okay, let's go.
Well, it looks like I have a whole new life ahead of me.
Yeah.
It's probably going to be hell on wheels.
Hiya, Sam.
Were you in the stands?
No, not really.
You've been back here all this time?
Yeah.
Well, kid, you better hit the road.
Yeah, Mom.
Yeah, I guess we better do what we set out to do.
Yeah.
Sam?
Mom?
Listen, kid, we gotta talk.
You know, maybe I better go see how the submachine in the hall is working.
You know, you can only go around the ring so many times
without having a deep thought.
And while I was hitting the Alabama-Amazon, it hit me.
It ain't going to work, is it?
Mom, I love you.
And I've missed you.
But I don't know.
Oh, Sam, I tried, honey. I really did.
But your life doesn't really revolve around me anymore.
It's been pretty good on its own, isn't it?
I've been living with that a long time.
I guess I'm just no good at this motherhood stuff.
No, Mom. You're wrong.
You're the coolest.
Any kid at school would kill to have a roller derby, Mom.
I didn't trade you for anybody.
Really?
Really.
I'd be glad just to see more of you.
Well, who knows? Maybe we can arrange that.
Is that a time?
No, Marshall, come on in.
We just wanted to say goodbye to you and Sam.
Actually, it looks like Sam will be around for a while.
Really? That's great.
I mean, is that great?
It definitely is.
But don't you worry.
We'll be seeing a lot more of each other from now on.
Right, Sam?
Right, Mom.
You know, I love it when the roller derby comes to town.
It's the contact sport that brings families together.
So guess what I found?
Ta-da! My earring.
Actually, my bare feet found my earring.
Just decided to wiggle its way up from the carpet
and just stabbed me in the foot.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
What's up?
I got a postcard for my mom.
Cool. What'd she say?
Well, she's kicking major butt down in Houston,
but she's got a little something going on the side.
A gym, health food store, laundromat, and mobile home?
No, she's going to be an announcer for ESPN.
Cool.
So I'll definitely be seeing more of her
like every Wednesday at 9, 8 central
from the forum, the arena, the garden.
So is that how you're going to see more of your mom?
And she's coming to visit next week.
I finished my masterpiece.
The portrait of your friendship.
Expensive, yes, but let's not put a price on friendship.
I'll bill you later.
Take your time.
We're not going anywhere.
Today is the final day of Nick's Can't Wait Till Christmas week.
You get to spend the whole day with me,
Ferguson W. Darling.
We're trying to gain viewers, not scare them away.
You get a whole day of me, Clarissa,
as I explain it all, all day long.
So stay tuned.
Of the inverse card.
The postcard. Send it in,
and you have the power to win.
Nick takes over your school.
Clarissa, Mark Summers, the roundhouse posse,
will come and take over your school.
You'll get $1,000 from Cheetos.
Plus you and your classmates will each get a set of
easy, squeezy paints from Mattel,
a criss-cross video, and jump to a special
school-wide criss-cross concert.
For your chance to win, send in the postcard.
With your name, address, age, and telephone number two,
Nick takes over your school.
P.O. Box 4982, Orlando, Florida 32802.
The postcard.
And you could win.
And make your school Nickelodeon's next target.
Nickelodeon, make my day.
Brought to you by Post-Bruty and Cocoa Devil serials
and Cheetos paws, the cheese-flavored snack.
Monkey loves our cute cuddly monkeys,
who show their love in the silliest ways.
I love you, silly monkey.
Monkey loves.
He's sold separately, battery's not included.
Magic juice, won't you spark it for me?
How did you do?
I was a lot to a player.
Hehehehe.
She's da-
Little Miss Magic Jewel's doll comes with magic wand
and 24 jewels.
Extra jewel packs sold separately, new from Mattel.
Why drink chocolate milk?
Hey, come on.
A, you need it.
It tastes great.
You need a snack.
B, it's a great snack.
It's the spot.
A great snack.
C, it's smooth.
Chocolate milk is rich and smooth.
D, your friends like it a lot.
E, it's chocolate.
F, you love the taste.
G, do you really need a reason?
Chocolate milk.
What a tasty idea.
Before you're born, you are wonder of nature.
A mystery of the universe.
A joy to behold.
Then you're born and you become a kid.
And from that point on,
your life becomes an abutement park.
Step right up, right this way to the first canal.
You tried to follow me in bloom.
You've tried to psycho drop me now.
It's the most terrifying attraction ever.
It's the umbilical cord bungee dive.
Come on pretty cat.
You can do it, we all had to do it.
You can't stay up there forever.
Most of your time in a crib,
it's like a little world all your own.
It's a tiny world.
A tiny world will be invaded by some really big faces.
These are called adults.
They're the ones you're supposed to listen to
to learn how to talk.
So naturally they say things like,
Goo Goo Dada Poopoo.
And of course,
It's you witchy baby, what a wiki wiki woo.
And of course these adults do everything they can
to make you feel secure.
I'm going to get your belly button.
I'm going to get your nosey nose.
Somehow you survive these early months.
And then you move into toddler world.
Yes, in toddler world,
it's soon time for that learning experience
of a lifetime.
Party training, the ride.
Please sit at the center of the party.
Do not attempt to lower the hands real.
It will come down automatically.
Do not attempt to maintain any kind of dignity.
Please perform private bodily functions
under pressure with people watching your every move.
Come on, make a duty for daddy.
Come on, come on.
Oh, you're not even trying.
Now come on.
How about at number one?
Can you do a number one?
The party tears coming into the terminal.
Please either, or get off the pot.
Please remain seated until your humiliation is complete.
Hey, hey, we got a way to here.
Nobody flushed.
I'm going to have this thing brought.
You are now leaving toddler world.
Now you will begin to meet people outside of your home.
On your left is a friendly mailman.
Down, doggy, down.
Oh, and there's your kindergarten teacher.
Try to stay inside the line.
Inside the line.
Some of the people on the outside world
won't be as friendly like the neighborhood bully.
Milk money, a little squirt.
I said I'd give you my milk money.
Because I can kick your butt because I'm bigger than you.
Here, you can bully me around right now,
but I'm drinking milk.
And someday I'll be tall and strong.
And not only that, but I'm smarter than you.
And while you're out bullying people around,
I'm studying.
So I'll end up with an MBA from Harvard
while you'll be lucky to pass a DED.
That means I'll probably beat your butt,
and then I'll kick your butt.
On second thought,
I'm going to throw in this milk.
Let me go kick your butt right now.
By this time, you're in for more of life's experiences.
Welcome to Seoul.
Sit down. Shut up.
As we turn the corner, we make our way into Adolescent Land.
Unfortunately, there's a 13-year wait from this point,
and you must have this many zips to ride.
Ow, skank.
Wow, looks like you've got some zips to spare.
Huh, pizza face?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
It's two zips short.
How old are you?
14.
Uh-huh.
Can I see some of my dates?
What's this?
Take it stuff to the new kids on the block concert?
It proves you can't be any older than 12.
Get to the back of the line.
What about if we keep for the new album?
Get out of line.
Before we leave the station,
you might want to post for a few photographs.
It's one of the stars from Adolescent Land.
Hi, I'm Pimple.
And I'm Blackhead.
I'm Buddy Hair.
I'm first off in Adolescent Land at the Hall of Mirrors.
Well, you will be made to feel incredibly self-conscious.
Oh, look how fat I am.
Oh, look at my face.
It looks like I've been in a hatchet fight without a hatchet.
Ew, look at my butt. Gigantic.
I'm disgusting.
Ew.
Two Echo 10.
Respond to Canyon Park.
Possible UFO sighting.
10-4.
This is two Echo 10.
There's definitely something going on out there.
The sounds of football.
The new sound of football.
The Nerf Turbo Screamer Football
specially designed for the screaming sound of excitement.
Turbo charge for long-distance launches
so anyone can have a rocket arm.
Turbo Screamer.
All will never sound the same again.
It's Nerf or nothing.
Hey, what are you guys doing?
Get lost, Frankie.
You eating Kellogg's Apple Jacks?
Duh.
But it doesn't taste like apples.
So?
And you like it?
Duh.
Why?
We just do, okay?
Appley Cinnamon Apple Jacks is part of this complete breakfast.
You can't explain its great taste, so why try?
Kellogg's Apple Jacks.
We just get it.
You alright?
Frankie, you like Apple Jacks?
Duh.
More roundhouse on name.
More time to sneak.
Captain's Law.
Starting.
Friday afternoon.
We were orbiting the mall when without warning.
Uh-oh, Captain.
Looks like we've got a large firm body off of starboard bow.
Come on.
Take much more.
Captain, look.
The readings on the hunk meter
indicate a life form of extreme magnitude.
Captain, we've got the captain.
I must warn you not to look directly at the creature.
Caught in force field.
Can't sway, Captain.
Onley's going to the same park.
Buss Merck.
Captain.
We're leaving in a few minutes.
Mom, you don't understand.
I'll die if we run into Dillon Mark Shadley.
Dillon Mark Shadley.
Three.
One.
You have to go.
No, no, no, no, no.
Bratman disguised as ill manner, Bruce Wyne,
this superhero turns into an irritating little dwarf
whenever I'm called for.
It's you, too.
You don't want such a pair.
No, you are, but what am I?
I know you are, but what am I?
Using his super annoying powers,
Bratman fights a never-ending battle
against his sister's nerve.
You see, I was watching that.
So?
So, change it back.
You're not the boss of me.
Oh, you see the pair?
Yeah.
They've been watching this one.
Oh, I'm killing.
Blah, blah, blah.
Now, if you stop fighting,
now you stay on your side of the room
and you stay on yours
and anybody who crosses this line
is in serious trouble.
Sis, sis.
I'm, I'm sorry.
Will you forgive me?
I guess so.
Will you come over here and give me a hug?
Okay.
Mom, I'll do my thing.
Bratman, coming all too soon
to a family much too near you.
All right, everybody in the car.
We're going to the amusement park.
Check them.
And we are gonna have the time of our lives
because I got 30 bucks.
Wow.
Just please do me a favor, okay?
If we see Dylan Mark-Cadley.
Dylan Mark-Cadley?
Please try not to act like too much of a dweeb, okay?
A dweeb?
A dweeb.
What kind of a dweeb carries around
30 old president's days?
Hey, kids.
Make that next road trip more enjoyable
as they can.
There's a delicious and nutritious animal
to run over every day in our nation's highway.
Now they are available for your dining pleasure
at the Interstate House of Handtakes.
But I'm concerned about cholesterol.
Do not worry, Mom.
Our food is not cooking heavy oils.
In fact, it is not cooked at all.
It's flat.
And it's flat in a natural way in traffic.
Hmm.
It's a little bit like taste in a pizza.
Look, Dad.
I got a possum.
Hey, that's not just one possum, son.
Look.
Two tails.
The second one tried to eat the first one
and they sort of got laminated.
Two possums for the price of one.
What a bargain.
I'll give you some lots of cream cheese.
Now you're talking.
Interstate House of Handtakes first.
Not just roadkill.
It is a meal.
We are at the Abusement Park
and me with 30 big ones.
What are we going to do first?
Wait in line.
Part of those lines?
Get whoopie.
I'm next.
The new product that helps you cut in line
by pretending to cut the cheese.
Sure, it looks like an ordinary whoopie cushion
that was one important difference.
Ooh, realistic smell.
So get one today and say whoopie.
I'm next.
Ew.
Gassy.
Wow, Dad.
That was great.
It was nothing, son.
Using the whoopie, everybody cleared out whoopers in line.
Wait a minute.
It's a whoopie.
No, I left that in the car.
There's no substitute for natural talent.
Pull my arm and I'll clear this entire park.
Don't do dare.
Ooh.
Up on Nick, we got tunes, a place to snick,
plus the wildest games, animals, sports,
brand new episodes, brand new shows, brand new.
So don't be the last to find out.
The first kid's network's got great new stuff.
A mad scientist built a giant vacuum cleaner
to steal Apple Cinnamon Cheerios.
Oh, no.
On guard, as always, were Apple and Cinnamon.
The crooks are always after Apple Cinnamon Cheerios
for its delicious apple sprinkles.
No, seed brain.
It's the cinnamon sprinkles thereafter.
I'll unplug it.
Apple Cinnamon Cheerios was again
part of this balanced breakfast.
It's Appalicious.
Apple Cinnamon Incredible.
More roundhouse on Nick.
More time to snick.
Yeah, so what's that got to do with you spending some time
with your dad?
Well, I don't want him to see me with you.
So you're embarrassed?
Well, just a little bit.
All right, fine, fine.
You go ahead and do what you want.
I'll go and arrive with Bratman here.
Ow.
Hey.
What?
Oh.
We're going in a popularity world.
Let's go.
Hello, and welcome to popularity world
where every girl is a cheerleader,
every guy is buff,
and you're probably not so loud.
Yes, may I help you?
Yes, well, we would like to be popular.
Well, it'd be just you and your friends
would like to be popular, too.
Well, I'll see you next, of course.
Unless there's not enough room.
That would be like a moment.
Oh, right.
Either we all go or none of us goes.
Right.
I, for one, know the value of true friendship.
Oh, all for one and one for...
Later, losers.
If he's going out with what's his name?
What?
Hey.
Dylan said you're not too shabby.
He said that?
No, of course you didn't say it.
He's much too cool to talk.
It's all body language.
He says if you're lucky,
maybe you can go on a ride with him later.
Oh, I am completely involved
with what's happening here.
Me, as well.
Dylan just asked you on a ride.
Forget it.
He's like total rare mortal.
So what ride do you want to go on, son?
I don't know.
Hey, is that your dad?
Yeah.
Well, then ride the relator,
the terrifying youth trip designed
especially for fathers and sons.
Keep your hands, your legs,
and true feelings inside at all times.
When prepared for a moment of true...
Dabber!
Okay, dad, son, start talking.
Lead the relator until you've had a meaningful
heart-to-heart father-to-son conversation.
Hey, can we go now?
Holly!
Don't mark moving.
Yeah!
Well, uh...
How about those mats?
I hate the mats.
Really? Me too.
Yeah?
Now, you do have something in common after all.
Now, don't you feel a lot better?
Whoo!
Don't you think Dab deserves a hug
from his favorite son?
He's talking!
Need to take pictures the way your mother would.
Hey, hey, look a smoggy bear
from the fire prevention commercial.
Quick, quick, get a shot of me with this guy.
Every year, under the kids are injured
while trying to ignite flatulence.
Hey, Joey, watch this.
Okay.
But remember, never to fart around with fire.
Can I have your son?
Yeah, I'd like to buy a small
undeveloped nation, please.
What?
It's a joke.
You hear this?
That is the sound of a 30-piece
orchestra, my friend.
A goofy dog, with everything.
That'd be 29 bucks.
Only 29, huh?
Plus 10.
Oh, no.
If the family finds out I blew all the spending money,
they'll never forgive me.
I gotta find a way to make some cashola and fast.
Milly, like, get a grip.
Here comes Dylan.
You might have to, like, talk to him yourself.
Hi, Dylan.
It's okay.
You may address Dylan.
I was just wondering what ride you wanted to go in later.
How about the Mindbender?
No, the Mindbender's for wussies.
What about the Spine Twister?
No, not even.
The Spine Twister's for the spineless.
The Death Dropper?
I don't think so.
The Death Dropper's for pregos, pansies,
and people with heart trouble.
I can't take it anymore.
That I leave after me.
You people are really a bunch of suckers.
B-O-O.
Oh, there's no you in doofy.
Have more.
Basically, my first job in six years.
B-O-O-O.
Here's a trailer for the program, Ron and Greg,
and the style of two bickering brothers.
Sure, go first.
Sure, let's go first.
Go ahead.
Make sure to watch whose line is it anyway.
On Comedy Central, the only all-comedy network.
I was supposed to say that.
You said everything.
You mind for...
Watch the new season of whose line is it anyway,
weekdays at six, here at Comedy Central.
I'm a proud Pac-10 graduate.
Now I'm living on the East Coast.
Lucky for me this season,
I can still get those great Pac-10 matchups.
I used to get out West.
I just call the option play.
This season, you can make the choice.
ABC's College Football presents the option play.
Now, in addition to the game on your local ABC station,
you can order extra ABC games
live on pay-per-view cable TV.
Call your local cable company
for more on this unprecedented offer.
Chitty Chats Bear.
We all love chocolate.
My name is Nibble Bear.
Chitty Chats Bear.
They each have a different personality.
My name is Lumber Bear.
Chitty Chats Bear.
Press here and...
Give them a squeeze there, they say.
Mama.
And each says four different things.
I need a nap.
We love to hug.
We love to talk.
And you're very sweet.
We're the Chitty Chats Bears.
Chitty Chats Bears.
Each sold separately.
Trendy little sister.
Gorgeous hair.
An adorable hat.
An even cute little clothes.
Close for a party.
Close for shopping at the mall.
Close for a school.
And that's not all.
Sharing so much fun to do.
So Barbie couldn't have a better sister.
Stacey doll.
Stacey doll comes with a backpack and shopping bag.
Her skirt, top and jacket fit Barbie too.
Barbie doll sold separately.
It was quiet.
Except for the cows.
They had a rock fell from the sky.
So I sat on it.
But it was really a spaceship.
Then aliens surrounded me.
And I could actually read their minds.
Should we fry them or boil them?
Boil them.
Boil.
So I pushed a button.
And made them disintegrate.
Okay, so I made it up.
Then I made it all happen.
Mario Paint.
Draw and make music.
Only on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Hey kids, catch this.
Soft stuffed potato head.
Soft stuffed, silly stuffed,
Sticky stuffed, huggy stuffed.
It's hard to break down soft stuffed.
Potato head.
Soft stuffed potato head.
It's so soft.
It's squishy.
Any silly pieces, you can stick them anywhere.
And when you're finished playing,
you stick them under there.
Hey!
Soft stuffed, silly stuffed,
Sticky stuffed, huggy stuffed.
It's hard to break down soft stuffed.
Potato head.
Soft stuffed potato head comes with everything here.
It's time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
With your host, Dr. Stupid.
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, here's a letter from Billy
of Lompoc, West Kansas.
And he asks,
Dear Dr. Stupid,
why do I have to go to school?
That's a very good question, Billy.
I'd better put on my patented stupamatron helmet.
Prepare to activate.
Well, the answer's simple, really.
The reason is because
your parents are aliens.
And while you're at school,
they shave their human skins
and breathe dryer lint.
Thank you, Dr. Stupid.
Stimpy old pal,
I can go no further.
I feel I shall die.
I've had not a thing to eat for so long.
I care not to think.
Take this morsel.
It may not be much,
but it is all that I have.
Oh.
That was delicious, Stimpy.
What was it?
It was my last grain of litter.
I've been saving it for weeks.
You broke it. You broke it.
My voiced material possession.
Maybe now you'll keep your stinkiness to your...
Look, Ren, we're saved.
Fire dogs needed.
Benefits. Good pay.
Dalmatians only.
What's a Dalmatian, Ren?
Take a look for yourself, man.
What do you see?
Ugly black spots.
Good. Now shut up and look stupid.
See you, people!
I'm sorry. I thought you a circus midget.
What can I do for you?
Your troubles are over.
It is we who are your fire dogs.
But, Ren, I'm a cat.
Shut up, you fool.
Hey, don't listen to him.
He's a good man, but he's not quite right in the head.
I've known fellers like that.
Well, boys, you got yourselves a job.
But you're gonna work!
Now, relax, man.
Do you know what the odds are against there ever being a fire?
A million to one.
Take it from me. I know what I'm talking about.
Enjoy.
Okay, lady. Let her go.
Excuse me, Mr. Horse.
What are your feelings about that fall?
No, sir. I didn't like it.
Oh, my God. It hurts.
For bravery above and beyond the call of duty,
I present you with the highest honor.
The sacred golden fire hydrant helmet.
Congratulations, boy.
I'm so happy I can hardly contain myself.
Neither can I.
What's the matter, Susie? What's the matter, Jill?
We're sick of our toys. We've had our pale.
We want a new toy.
Well, let's have a look.
It's Log for Girls.
I'll comb her hair.
Yes, Log.
All kids love Log.
Pairs roll over your neighbor's dog.
What's way for a snack and fits on your back?
It's Log, Log, Log.
It's Log.
Get your Log, Log.
From Blamo.
Hey, then she's skating your way
with her bob and pony tails
and her real roller blades.
She's your cool friend.
Always loves to play.
No one can believe it
when she cruises their way.
It's around.
Rollerblade, the doll with genuine rollerblade inline skates.
Only from Mattel.
Batteries not included.
Do they get those guys to jump?
Golden grams.
It's that touch of honey
or that big graham cracker taste.
Cool.
No, thanks.
Brought my own.
Golden grams.
What a complete breakfast.
You're not just good at golden.
Now at Music Land and Sam Goody's stores,
save on any regular price CD or cassette
with these special boxes of golden grams.
And now back to Snack.
Lee, I'll tell you.
And please bless Grandma and Grandpa
and please give me a million dollars.
And hey, oh yeah.
Huge bacterial muscles.
Amen.
Will you button me, Ren?
Sure thing, pal.
Good night, Stimpy.
Good night, Ren.
What is it, man?
Will you read me a bedtime story?
Read me a bedtime story.
Read it yourself.
Oh, this looks wonderful.
Once upon a time, there lived a...
Oh yeah, a giant.
He was a handsome giant,
but he was different from all the other giants.
He was the littlest giant.
Why, he's barely enormous.
He's merely huge.
He's no bigger than a house.
Hey, what's the idea?
Pickle on somebody your own size.
All the bigger giants laughed at the little giant.
You'll never have any friends.
You're too little to have any friends.
Finding his life in huge vainia unbearable,
the little giant decided to run away.
To my dearest friends,
the big mean giants,
I'm running away forever.
Your punching bag,
littlest giant.
With a tear in his eye,
the littlest giant left the village of huge vainia
never to return again.
Meanwhile, in the village of Thumsville,
we ran of the weev folk set aside his well.
He was very forlorn, was he?
Oh, woe is I.
The well has gone dry,
and my cow will just give powdered milk.
I tell you no lie, my sow she does fry,
and my chickens growl.
They only lay still.
One morning, we ran,
awakened by the sound of large sobbing and crying.
And there, next to the well, was the littlest giant,
sobbing his gigantic little heart out.
And lo, the little giant's tears
filled up the well to overflowing.
We ran was overjoyed.
Oh, Mr. Giant, you've saved the farm.
You are my true friend.
Friend? I'm your friend?
Why, of course.
You're the biggest friend I've ever had.
I'm your friend, and I'm big.
Big? You kidding?
You're repulsively titanic.
Gosh.
I've never had a friend before.
Just name it, pal, and I'll do anything for you.
Anything?
That's right, anything.
Really? Absolutely anything?
Anything you say, man.
Anything my tiny heart desires?
Yes, anything. You fat-bloated idiot.
What a pal.
Would you scratch my back?
Sure, I'd be glad.
And comb my hair, pluck my eyebrows, do my nails,
mend my clothes, brush my teeth, shave my toe.
And so, the littlest giant's heart was filled with blood,
and we ran agreed to let the littlest giant live with him forever.
And they lived happily ever after.
Joy, joy.
Hey, boy, Steampie, we sure had fun, but they didn't.
Come on, Steampie, say goodbye.
Where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time.
What will we do, too, then?
Why, you can clean your bellybutt.
Eat olive loaf till you puke.
I know, man.
You can chase your tail till you're dizzy.
Chase my tail?
But, Ren, I don't have a tail.
Do what I tell you, stupid.
How you feeling, pal?
Kinda sick.
Nick doesn't care where it is.
Nicker treat!
Nick doesn't care how old it is.
Nick doesn't care what size it is.
Just make sure you answer it.
If Nick calls you this Halloween,
over 2,500 phones will ring.
So get an entry form at participating McDonald's,
or send a postcard with your name, address,
8 and, of course, phone number to Nicker Treat Sweepstakes.
He'll box 4974 Orlando, Florida 32802.
If we call and you answer,
Nicker treat!
you win a glow-in-the-dark Nick T-shirt,
$5 and gift certificates to McDonald's,
and a package of amazing fruit gummy bears.
Halloween week, we'll separate the winners
Nicker treat!
from the losers.
June's residence.
Practice any way you want.
Nicker treat!
Dress any way you want.
Sin any way you want.
Just make sure you answer.
Nicker treat!
Nicker treat is brought to you by McDonald's
and amazing fruit gummy bears.
And the place where all the kids win.
Nickelodeon!
Using the Creative Imagineers grid system,
you can easily create accurate drawings.
And when you're done, like magic,
the grid-vitter pen makes the lines disappear.
Creative Imagineers.
Set soul separately.
From Irwin.
Creative Imagineers!
That'll teach you to mess with my dad.
Now, it's war.
It's Apocalypse Pete.
Prepare to die, blowhole!
Is this the Pete to end all Pete's?
Find out when Apocalypse Pete
premieres Sunday at 7.30, 6.30
on Nickelodeon.
Hey, you do something helpful every day.
Like today, you walk the dog.
So for you, every day,
Pete's has the kids' pizza pack.
You get a personal pan pizza,
cup, and cool surprise.
Every day!
You deserve it, because you're a kid.
What the heck is that?
And you did weave the garden.
Now, you can scare up a universal
monster's kids' pizza pack at Pizza Hut.
You get a personal pan pizza,
creepy cup with monstrous lid,
and spooky trading cards all for $2.99.
Love that trick.
Yeah, well, you're one sick little puppy.
You know that?
So your dad really owns this place?
Yeah. Try to get all my story ideas.
There's all sorts of strange and voodoo
and occult stuff in here.
About your story is scary.
I shouldn't be telling you this, but...
Well, some of the guys have been saying
that they haven't been too scary lately.
Who said that?
I don't know.
What are these?
Super specs. They give you X-ray vision.
Whoa! Yowza!
Give me a break.
What's the matter? You don't believe in magic?
Oh, when you do.
Maybe I do, maybe I don't.
Sometimes it's best to keep an open mind
and be ready for surprises.
Yeah, well, if you ask me,
I think he's slipping big time.
No way. Gary tells the best stories.
All the stories. Yeah.
Frank's right.
I can't remember the last time Gary really scared me.
Scared me!
Sorry I'm late.
David can't make it tonight. He's, uh, sick.
That's okay. Kiki was just saying
how your stories haven't been too scary lately anyway.
I'm gonna smack you.
You're not scary, huh?
Why don't you give me a shot tonight?
I'll see what I can do.
Hey, boss.
The story of God is about three kinds of people.
People who believe in magic,
people who don't, and people who should.
Submit it for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story the tale of the Super Specs.
Weeds was into magic and tricks in a big way.
And since April Fool's Day was coming up,
he had to get ready.
The dust of dendurine,
powder monkey bones, you know,
crucial epi-boot spell.
I thought we were going to the movies.
Later, later, I'm passing a spell.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, here it is.
The spell of the second cycle.
Umbu,
tubu,
sunrage,
vinsu...
I don't know. It's just some kind of voodoo spell.
Weeds.
We've been seeing each other for what?
Like a long time now, right?
Yeah, two weeks.
I'm beginning to think that you're not very mature.
What makes you say that?
We're so gross.
Can we go now?
Playtime's over?
Bye now or...
Bye now.
Okay, Mr. Sardau.
I'll take Sardau.
Yeah, look, I'll take these
and the monkey bones, too.
April Fool's Day tomorrow.
He's got his stock up.
Yes. Very nice.
Have you seen our vomit?
Hey, hey, what are these?
Ah, you have a sharp eye.
I've sold hundreds
and thousands of those.
What do they do?
Some say they give you
X-ray vision.
Give me a break.
Look, I'll take these, too.
I'll ring you up.
Come on, try them on. They're good.
I wouldn't wear those to my funeral.
Come on, MB. Lighten up.
Put them on. They're cool.
Cool. Have you seen anything?
No, it's stupid.
What was that?
What was what?
I think Mr. Sardau has got you a little whack.
Weeds haven't pulled any April Fool's stunts on us yet.
That's stupid kid stuff.
Yeah, but you're a stupid kid.
I thought it was going to be a rip-off.
What's with him?
April Fool's!
Oh, man, you should have seen your face.
Great, thanks. What are those?
Don't you know these are magic glasses
that make you look cool?
They have to be magic to make Weeds look cool.
Don't I look cool or do I just like Guy Guy?
It doesn't matter.
I saw somebody.
A strange woman.
Yeah, April Fool's.
It's going down.
I'm not kidding. I saw somebody.
I mean, look, I give up.
No more magic, okay?
You don't believe me.
Oh, come on, MB.
What do you take me for? Some kind of doofus?
Don't even answer that.
Look, I'm not lying.
Every time I put these stupid specs on, I see...
She's there.
Look by the tree.
Look, this is getting really old, MB.
You don't see her?
H-O-R-S, sucker.
Miss this, and you're done.
Raja...
Say what?
Look, this is all net this time, okay, baby?
This one is going in.
I hate this game.
That's two sodas, dude.
You owe me two.
So I came out of the school, put on the glasses,
and she was there by the tree.
So she just stood there staring at me,
and then she, like, pointed at me.
Who was it? I don't know.
Weedz is playing.
The guy's strange. Nobody bought me for a one-week anniversary.
What? Some stupid book on mummies or something.
I got it right.
What's the matter? I thought you found the way.
I did.
This Megatune Monday, Nick gives you a five-hour-long
megatune of Nick's newest bouncy babies.
It's the lovey babies on Megatune Monday.
This Monday, us, Nick.
It's some time in the future.
The ultimate challenge.
To be served.
Prizes for kids.
Now no scissors.
Presenting the one and only fruit-bearing gummy bears.
It's amazing.
Made with the goodness of real fruit juice.
They're called amazing fruit.
It's amazing.
New amazing fruit is so fruity,
you can hardly bear it.
Ah!
Tropical flavors, too.
And now to snick with our your friends.
Man, she should have burned those specs
or chucked them in the garbage disposal.
But the apparitions weren't really there.
Or were they?
She didn't know.
All Marybeth knew was
she could only see them through the specs.
So what did she do?
The only thing she could think of.
She went looking for weeds.
Maybe he knew what was going on.
Weeds!
Slow down, sir. What's the matter?
Whenever I put these specs on, I...
Problem!
No mister accent on the dough.
Sir, do I need to speak to you?
I'm all out of vomit. Try me Tuesday.
No, it's specs my boyfriend bought.
Sorry, no guarantees.
If they don't work, that's your never mind.
No wait, my problem is they do work.
Let's see, let's see, let's see.
Scourge?
Pestulence?
No, here it is, here it is.
The spell of second sight.
That's it, that's the spell we'd stood.
It's gotta be what's making this happen.
It is? Yes, it is.
Of course. Am I like seeing ghosts or something?
Ghosts?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
What you're seeing is...
Another dimension.
That's the second sight.
Another dimension?
Exactly.
You see, there are...
There are beings all around us,
all the time
that we can't see
because they're
in another dimension.
That's really creepy.
The spell must have
opened up a window
probably at your house
and those specs
allow you to see
into a parallel universe.
I've got a parallel universe
in my house.
Apparently.
And once the
window is open
the beings can
cross over into
our dimension and
well,
I don't mean to scare you,
but they
could take over.
Very, very dangerous, very dangerous.
So let's just
go over to my house and close the window.
Yes, well, you see,
casting a spell is easy.
One casting
can be tricky.
You need an expert,
someone who is
familiar with the counterspells
and how to cast them.
Do you know
the counterspells?
Naturally, but
I have expenses.
What do they cost?
$50? What? All right, 20.
But I'm losing on the deal.
Okay, I guess. Good, good, good, good.
Now then, let's see, let's see.
Where's the...
Uh-oh.
Where?
The Duster Dendron.
I, uh, I'm out.
I, I had some here.
I must have sold the last pouch to...
to your wife.
That's the Dendron,
you big rip-off.
Prepare for a burial at...
No.
You'll smoke your bones. Stop!
You flush this dust and you're going in after it.
I love
Kazam.
Alec Kazam and a crystal ball.
Come on, who does he think he's kidding?
Can we, like, get this done before my parents come home?
Shh!
I need to concentrate.
I thought you didn't believe in this stuff, Mary Beth.
Hmm.
The window.
The window into
another dimension.
We
must close the window
to
a day
Bambane.
We must close the window.
Send them back.
Don't you need the dust?
The what?
Yes, yes, yes.
It doesn't work, trust me.
Bambane.
I am very, very embarrassed for this guy.
What's that?
Mary Beth!
I see them.
This isn't happening.
Do something.
Finish the spell and close the window.
Send them back.
This one.
The cosmic seal.
Well, read it, Sardo.
Sardo.
Who cares?
The spell of the cosmic seal.
Mimbo.
Rhombus.
I think we did it.
There was no cause to be worried.
I had everything under control.
You know, magic is very much...
Bambane.
Maybe we didn't do it after all.
What is it?
We've captured with the cosmic seal.
Two universes cannot exist on the same plane.
That must be restored.
There were no ghosts, Sarlene.
You opened a window into a parallel universe.
There was a parallel universe in my house?
Yes.
I closed the window.
Funny thing is,
they were trying to get rid of you, too.
I think gone for good?
I don't think they'll be bothering you any more.
Oh, man.
No way.
Excellent.
So, what do you think?
I don't know.
No way.
Excellent.
So, two universes were fighting for the same space.
And the other universe won?
Exactly.
Because the woman in black was powerful
and Sardo was a fake.
That Sardo accent on the do.
Great story.
Here's why I was late.
I got one for everybody as an April Fool's gift.
Didn't cast any spells on him, did you?
No, don't worry. They're safe.
Now, when I count three,
everybody put them on.
One.
Two.
Three.
Guess your story was scary enough tonight.
Guess so.
April Fool's.
Look funny. Sunday at 10.
9. Central on Nickelodeon.
Do. I draw a graph too.
I draw and I doodle.
Make copies you see.
Great copies I keep just for me.
Magic copier let you change paper.
From pink to yellow white too.
I hang my work on the refrigerator.
Magic copier and travel magic copier.
Each sold separately. Batteries not included.
From Tyco.
To make your morning golden,
get the flavor going fast.
It's golden crisp cereal.
The golden tasting glass.
Can't get enough of that golden taste.
Can't get enough golden crisp.
It's the golden tasting part of this
complete breakfast.
Hey kids, catch this.
Soft stuff, potato head.
Soft stuff, silly stuff.
Sticky stuff, hungy stuff.
It's hard to put down soft stuff.
Potato head.
Soft stuff, potato head.
It's so soft, it's squishy.
So many silly pieces you can stick them anywhere.
And when you're finished playing,
you stick them under there.
Soft stuff, silly stuff.
Sticky stuff, hungy stuff.
It's hard to put down soft stuff.
Potato head.
Soft stuff, potato head.
Comes with everything here.
Ren and Stimpy and Ode to Friendship.
My friend.
11-10 Central on Nami.
There you it across the river.
But there's polar bears over there.
Double dare you, polar dare you.
It's chillin', it's polar dare.
Cross the river, but beware.
Pink was a nice, very nice.
It's chillin', it's polar dare.
I want a snack, I'm a hungry bear.
It's polar dare.
Be the first to get all your penguins to safety
and you win. Get caught and you start again.
One more right slow to go.
Surprise.
Bubba, where?
I live here.
From Milton Bradley.
With sparkling eyes, exciting and new.
A dress that sparkles jewelry too.
You can change your gown.
Sparkling eyes like in a dream.
The prettiest Barbie wee.
Sparkle eyes, Barbie.
We're in her cool pink skirt
with a picture of her pal right on her shirt.
Courtney comes out to bed.
I lost my kitty.
Got her picture on my shirt because she's real pretty.
Rosie's also pretty.
Don't look at me.